<h1>Welcome to Forge World Eipharius!</h1>

Do not break the atmosphere.

Do not metagame.</strong>

<strong>
      The city of Aquileia is ailing, it's only source of wealth coming from the mines that are slowly coming closer and closer to depletion and the offerings left by pilgrims coming to see the place where the Emperor's light illuminated the now eternally black sky. 

     The cult-mechanicus has abandoned many of it's principles. The Sisters squabble amongst each other in petty rivalries as they spiral downward in a crisis of faith. The Inquisition does the bidding of a deranged child marked by a Holy Aquila who is cursed with apocalyptic visions of a galaxy torn in half. These visions supposedly come from the divine wisdom of the God Emperor Himself. There are even rumors of sisters tainting themselves and forsaking their faith. 

      A rogue trader has settled in Aquileia, spreading filth among the populace. The ruler of the March of Aquileia, Margrave Redd, is considered sick and weak. Their heir has a dubious claim to the throne at best. They have only been given a modest security force by their Paranoid Cousin, the Grand Duke Edwin Redd, ruler of the Captial city of Nineveh and the Dutchy of Evora IV.  The Margrave's political position is quickly deteriorating as the Rogue Trader becomes more and more popular within the city.

    All who live in the forsaken land know disaster is on the Horizon as change comes to the dying world of Evora IV.


[TIMELINE]
Evora IV was first settled in M41. 821 by the Grand-Duke Cassius Redd, who's family has ruled over the planetoid for generations.In M41. 875 a small settlement named Aquileia was given to the noble family who still rules it. The warp storms began M.41 893.

Current Year: M41. 973 Standard.




You can always a-help if you are going to do something that involves bending the rules or if you'd like help with a gimmick. There's no guarantee we answer prays, but it's the best way to ask to help staff setup something interesting for you.

Furthermore, controls can be seen in OOC tab -> View Controls. Always make sure you turn on combat mode when fighting and keep in mind your special abilities such as Feint or Quick Attack under your UI menu. 
Never be afraid to ahelp!
